The Joe Rogan experience. You know what else
that I did with Chappelle that opened my eyes. I've never done one.
Those things are done. Ivy, Ivy.
Whereby, and brother. I swept it.
Up a bag and a half and I was ready to run through a wall in your house. Yeah.
They'll come anywhere. They came to our.
Yeah, I get them at the crib all the time. My girl's pregnant again.
We have another one coming in November and uh, for the nausea, we, we get IVs.
I swear. Oh dude.
Night and day. It's amazing for like pumping you up.
I'm in Vegas. I had to get it. What'd you got, we had a,
you had a show there and like I showed up wasted,
I think type of like the new year's Eve UFC.
I wanted to wake up and I had to get.
It, had to get done. You felt so.
Much better in minutes, 20 minutes, I was good to go. It was crazy. It's.
Crazy. You know, what's crazy to me is the UFC doesn't allow.
Well, it feels so good. You can mask the use of performance,
enhancing drugs and.
Haters, bro. God.
Speaking and performance enhancing drugs.
Let's talk about the sideboard situation.
I knew you were going to go there as soon as I said.
How about that? See Dan and go hard in the paint.
You know, I like when he goes hard in the paint, he's the only guy, listen,
say what you want about Dana. And I do like it. Like we always say,
can you imagine if another commission did this, another owner did this.
But I do like when he does spit the, cause what he's saying is the truth.
Like sometimes he's on one. You're like, what the you talking about?
You're screwing these guys over then sometimes like with the cyber thing,
when you send that to me, like, I agree with them a hundred percent. Yeah.
I love when he does that.
They up and they really up when they tried cyborgs team, whoever did it,
whether it's her boyfriend or whoever it was that edited that video that
lied and put words in his mouth is so stupid.
You don't think that they're going to do something about that.
You're out of your mind when they edited that video to say that whenever I'm
talking in public, I'm not telling the truth, which is not what he said at all.
And then to have it edit and cut right there. Oh.
Okay. This right now. D Dana's too smart. Let's say he would.
Let's say he thinks that you think he would say that in a public form to
cyborg when they're face to face like that and you don't think you realize
there's cameras around. No. He's way too smart for that. So that I'm like, well,
he's not that dumb be that video is you can tell it's so full of.
Same thing happened with me and Nate Diaz had our confrontation.
I didn't say any of that stuff. Someone made that all up.
Well, what also they did was they're bringing back.
That happened five years ago. Like,
and cyborg was saying she wanted an apology from me.
And I don't think it was that she wanted apology for me.
I think it was her boyfriend or someone on the team. I apologize to her,
me and her, no one around face to face.
And I took a photo with her afterwards.
There's a photo of me and her on my Instagram. What'd you say? You were just.
Like, Hey, me and my guys were.
Fighting in the UFC. She hadn't fought in the UFC before. And I said, Hey,
I'm sorry about the Joe. I promise no more jokes. And I said,
I am actually a fan of yours. And uh, I want you to succeed in the UFC.
And I wish you the best of luck. I go, no hard feelings shows no, those,
you know, those jokes kind of hurt my feelings. And I said, I'm sorry. I go,
I promise no more jokes. I gave her a hug and we took a picture together.
And that was a, when was that? 2017.
So here's the only time where I'm like, God man is shirk.
Her kid's skin bullied at school because of the comments she had a.
Kid. Oh yeah, yeah.
How many kids? She has one daughter, I think in like fourth grade.
And she goes because of the narrative that the UFC painted right or wrong.
I get it from the UFC side. Doesn't mean it's right.
Narrative that she's this heel.
She's this monster PDs.
Right? Yeah. But that's because she tested.
Positive. Once we don't talk about Jon Jones, he thinks of possible.
More than once. First of all,
there's Don Jones got tested positive for this tiny amount of something that
probably came from a tainted supplement.
She tested positive for a serious steroid and something that you you're
like a woman taking a steroid is different than a man taking a stone with you.
Female, male, which is tough to do here.
But there's been people who have tested positive before where that's not their
narrative Brock Lesnar.
Yeah. But it is Brock Lazarus narrative. It's also Alistair Overeem's narrative.
Is it? [inaudible].
Doesn't tell you that though. They're not market.
The fans do kind of marketing the fact that stock, sorry.
Board was taking steroids no.
Into this kind of heal role though. Where if you know her, she's awesome.
Do you think? But no, the marketer's destroyer, which she is in her career is.
Scary, destroyed, but also.
In a good way. Look, if you look at her fights, you look at the fight with look.
The, the, the, when it gets dark is when you go back to the non-testing days,
like the Gina Carano fight, which had veins coming out of her face, she looked.
And Gina Chronos this way. My argument for, I don't mean to interrupt you,
but Gina Carano ate the hottest Chica to ever fight MMA,
be fought. Seiberg when she was juiced to the gills,
did pretty well go back and watch.
Shout out to Gina chrono. Eventually got beaten down and there's a video.
There's a picture rather of cyborg holding Gina's face and punching her.
And you see the black fingernails and she's got this mean,
look on her face and she's punching Gina in the face. It's like, whoa, one,
have you ever seen that picture? I've never seen it, dude.
It's it's one of those pictures. It was the demise. No, no, no.
It's a standing photo of a cyborg punching.
Is it that one right.
There? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Go left.
Go left one above that one about friendship there. Bam. That's the photo.
So look at the black thing.
She grabbed her face, like the end punter. It's.
The end of the fight. I mean, she's already beaten her down, but I mean,
she's holding her face with those black fingernails and just crushing Gina's
head. She beat the out of her, but dead Gina was a beast man.
And she hung in there as long as she could.
But the consensus was that cyborg was juiced.
Up in that fund. That one, right? You mark it as beauty and the beast. Right.
That's just the way it is. Gina's is a gorgeous individual cyborg,
not so much when it comes to the, the feminine, like the looks department.
So I get that market view and the beast I was taught, I had a Kyla Harrison on,
you know who that is? The PFL she's a two time, uh, gold medalists, uh,
ju judoka Kayla Harrison. Yeah. Monster. And, uh,
she wants she's in the PFL and she's in the tournament there and she's, uh,
she wants to fight cyborg.
Yeah. Well there's a lot of people that are wanting to fight.
She definitely wants right. Undefeated gold medalists.
And I was talking to her about, why does,
why does she think that kind of cyborg has gone down this road in her career?
And then I pitched her on, you know, if I found the UFC and here, man,
this might be completely wrong. I don't know, but this is how I would do it.
And this is what they're doing is what I think.
But if I'm the UFC as nice as a person,
cyborg is there's no other girl walking this plant that looks like cyborg,
really? Because maybe PDs to your point, there's a.
Men. When you say maybe.
Like most likely, that's what I'm saying. And I'm trying to be cool.
I'm trying to be nice. There's a lot of girls that look like Paige Vanzant.
There's a lot of girl, Paige Vanzant or Ronda Rousey or Misha Tate.
So they're going to push those girls more because that's what people can relate
to more than a girl like cyborg. And I don't think I'm saying anything,
no one has assumed already. And this and I, I,
I like cyborg the nice person and I don't think Cyborg's a bad person.
I think her management and the way they've handled things have completely her.
And I think her going to battle with UFC was the worst thing. And it's not her.
I don't think it's her either.
And I think she is a nice person and every time I've ever interacted with her,
I look even that last fight.
And that was the thing with the Spencer fight like that people were saying that,
oh, you guys, it was biased commentary. No, it wasn't.
That girl survived that girl.
Um, you're the greatest cocktail of all time. Pro fight
10, eight round cyborg. Beat the out of her dude. That fight wasn't closed. No,
no, no, it wasn't close. But the narrative was how tough she was.
I'm like cyborgs beaten up bragged on this girl. And she.
Cut Cyborg's face wide, open.
One with one elbow, gives a. She got beat up the rest of the fight.
There's the underground.
The idea was that she was going to run through that girl. And she didn't,
that girl was tough as. Wasn't.
It wasn't a.
Competitive site. Well, she doesn't have striking. That was on the level of,
she doesn't have power to keep cyborg offer.
She just does cyborg and lit her up like your Christmas tree though. There's 10,
eight rounds. And I was like, oh, that fights even close. No, I feel you guys.
Cause it's the Jon Jones things. When you go into a fight,
it's like when John doesn't destroy someone,
you're talking about the other guy and with cyborg two, you expect just a Merck.
This.
I go Santos was way closer. I mean, that was a way closer fight.
Tiago Santos was a 1.5 rounds. Well, it was a split decision for.
Sure. Yeah.
Some one judge thought that Tiago won the fight.
I don't agree with that challenge, but that's how close that fight was.
There was no one that thought that Spencer won that fight after it was over,
but it was amazing that she was able to endure the beating the sideboard put on
her. It was tough girl nine saying, no,
it was one of those fights where it really like no one's clamoring for that
fight in the first place who was asking for that fight, not me other than her.